update abort docs with node example (#27)
donavon/thwack: README.md

### Cancelling a request

Use an `AbortController` to cancel requests by passing its `signal` in the `thwack` options. 

> In the browser, you can use the built in [AbortController](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortController):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the browser, you can use the built-in [AbortController](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortController).
```

```js
import thwack from 'thwack';

const controller = new AbortController();
const { signal } = controller;

thwack(url, { signal }).then(handleResponse).catch(handleError);

controller.abort();
```

> In node, you can use something like the [abort-controller](https://www.npmjs.com/package/abort-controller) package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In NodeJS, you can use something like [abort-controller](https://www.npmjs.com/package/abort-controller).
```
